Copyright (C) 2012 cloudbase.io
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2, as published by
the Free Software Foundation.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.
 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
02111-1307, USA.

CBHelper-Android
================

The cloudbase.io Android helper class

This repository contains an eclipse workspace with two projects:
- CBHelper - the actual cloudbase.io helper class. This compiles to a jar file
- CBHelperDemo - this is the cloudbase.io demo application and it depends on the jar file produced by the helper class project

For the demo application to compile and run correctly you will need to make sure that the library is included.
There are two places where we need to call it from the project properties:
 1. Right click on the project once you have imported it in the workspace and click properties
 2. In the Android section click "Add" on the "Library" list - you should see the CBHelper project in the list
    if you have correctly imported it in the workspace. Add it.
 3. Next in the "Java Build Path" section select the "Libraries" tab. There press "Add Jar", the first button on the right
    and select the jar generated by the CBHelper project in your workspace.